Elaborate on how we version the documentation (#528)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/release-policy.mdx

- We provide a step-by-step upgrade guide for each major version.
- Following the upgrade steps should take less than a day of development effort regardless of the project size.

### Documentation

- The documentation is always up to date with the **latest major release**.
- We will use tabs to demostrate a difference between the versions where required.

> <Tabs groupId="version" defaultValue="major" values={[ { label: 'v2', value: 'major' }, { label: 'v1', value: 'deprecated' } ]}>

Reviewer: Can we use `v1` and `v2` as technical references and `"Version 1"` and `"Version 2"` as titles for the tabs? I think that would make it very clear.

Author: As we always have just 2 versions I thought this will make it easier to maintain with keeping major a default.

Author: Also with "Version 1", "Version 2" it's somewhat unclear about the version of what. I'd say we can use SDK 1.x, SDK 2.x or smth like this.

Author: ```suggestion
<Tabs groupId="version" defaultValue="major" values={[ { label: 'SDK 2.x', value: 'major' }, { label: 'SDK 1.x', value: 'deprecated' } ]}>
```

<TabItem value="major">

```

Major version documentation

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="deprecated">

```

Deprecated version documentation

```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

- At all times we will maintain documentation only for two most recent versions.
- With every new major version release the oldest documented version is removed from the documentation portal.

:::tip

We will always provide a branch with the latest snapshot of the documentation before the major version release.
You can use that branch to host documentation for the earlier version locally.

:::

### Fixes and Maintenance

> - We maintain only the **latest major release** of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We only provide new features and fixes for the **latest major release** of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.
```
